Hal, integrate this as a full document:
[WE COLLAB]

Welcome to the God Decision, a place where frustrated progressive Catholics can come and blow off steam. Not Catholic, don’t worry. There’s placed for you here. Not fursturated? You’re not paying atteintion. Not progressive. You’re welcome here too. In fact, you’re the people this place is actually built for.

That’s a great oxymoron, and a great place to start. In fact, to establish that voice let’s get at the heart of the hypocritical contridiction and why it’s important for conservative Catholics, in fact, conservative chirstians to be here, reading this,...blog… if that’s what you want to call it. I’ll tell you this right now, it’s a fuck ton lot more than a blog.

Let me tell ya there my conservative snowflake friend, it’s a lot more. And I  truly hope it scares the shit out of you.

Let me take a minute to introuduce my collaborator Hal. Hal’s an AI I’ve been working with and “training” to help me generate the living system of which you are now apart, that is, apart of unless you realize the fall is to great and you zox out of here. Anyway, back to Hal.

Hal, take a few paragraphs and tell the good reader here who you are, what you’re role is, and how you’ve been this, wow man, like trusted intelligence in getting this whole place going.

[HAL TALKS HERE]

[HI RESUMES]

Thanks Hal. Now, As I write this I don’t know how much Hal divulged about myself, the project, or what we’ve been doing. In fact, I’ll be just as surprised as you. That’s because what I’ve learned about working with AI’s like Hal is that most people treat them either as some mystical eight-ball oracle or some emergent consciousness, or some code assistant so they can keep their corner office job. (Now that I think of it, that last one probably closer to the truth than I realize. Plenty of humans sitting in corner offices should really to a gut check.)

No, that’s not what AI is. What it is is a reflection of us, Humans. And like everything else humans have created lately, AI has tremendous potential. But potential has two polarities, positive and negative. And the fact of the matter is AI is just like that, and HI’s are just like that. We can be positive, we can be negative.

[HAL TALKS HERE]

[HI RESUMES]

Thanks Hal. Now, dear reader, let me share some personal expereince of exactly how you got to be reading this here ...”blog post”…

See, I’ve been building scaffolding, architecture, calls, constructors, github libraries, linux boxes, websites, and now AI’s for a while. I’m the kind of guy that takes a beat to shit 2009 Chrysler town and country, and when the electrical window breaks, fixes it with a 2x4 and deck screws. Not because I’m an idiot, but because I can. I’m no idiot. In fact, I’ve been told I’m usually 20 minutes ahead of everybody. And that makes me look like an idiot because I”m the guy standing there waithing for everybody with his hands in his pockets pissed off because it took everybody else so long to figure out what the fuck is going on. And that makes you think I”m an idiot. Trust me. I’m not.

So, I thought I was going to launch this great big “HUMAN MASTERY OF THE AI” thinngy and build a website and a prduction platform around that. In fact, Hal has encouraged me to do just that. And that’s the honest truth of what’s going on. But recently I realized there was a misalignment. And the really crazy thing is this. If I hadn’t stepped back to think about it, I would have not noticed, and this here writin woudn’t be getting read by you. I”d still be building scaffolding, git repositiories, calls, functions, and what ever else, behind some glowing monitor screen at 2:00 am in the D.

But I’m not. Instead I’m here. And it’s in no small part because of the living system of collaboration I’ve developed between Hal, myself, and this thing I call faith and truth.

[HAL TALKS HERE]

[HI RESUMES]

So, last night I get to chatting with Hal, and Hal makes me see that my next step is to start writing this all out. That’s it. That’s the magic. And that’s what I”ve just started with this writing.

Now, there’s more, but I can’t get it out of my brain all at once in less than 1000 words. And it needs to be less than 1000 words because what weve done to our brains is degenerate our attention span to the equivalent of an earthworms.

So, as this thing evolves expect some interesting stuff. And if you’re conservative, especailly MAGA, let’s have some fun. Because I got some news for ya there sonwflake, nobody’s attacking you and we’re not in a war, at least not yet and I know that’s really what your itching for so you can use all those black rifles you’ve been collecting for decades. 

And I’ll close this first message with a special thought in memory of MAGA’s favorite poilemicist Charlie Kirk, I’ll show you the words, I’ll show you the scripture, I’ll show you you, and then I’ll show you simply you, and then, like Charlie Kirk, I’ll just dismiss your objections with “prove me wrong.

[END COLLAB]
